(LOOΠΔ members on the stage after finishing preparation for the rehearsal)
HeeJin: I'm HeeJin of LOOΠΔ
(All the members testing their mic)
HeeJin: Nice to meet you~
(The most important thing is to keep speaking until the end of the test)
'Okay, could you speak something more?'
HeeJin: Hello, I'm HeeJin of LOOΠΔ
(The most important thing is to keep speaking until the end of the test)
HeeJin: Nice to meet you~
(After basic introduction....)
HyunJin: Hello, I'm HyunJin, the second member of LOOΠΔ
(She saying whatever pops into her head!)
HyunJin: My blood type is AB
HyunJin: And I'm a cat~
HyunJin: Hello~
'Okay, thank you~'
(This girl always feels kind of shy to do something like this!)
Kim Lip: Well...Uh...
Kim Lip: (Dryness) 2018 LOOΠΔ's concert
(This girl always feels kind of confident to do something like this!)
Chuu: I'm Chuu, the tenth member of LOOΠΔ
Chuu: Today is the day of 2018 LOOΠΔ Concert rehearsal!
Chuu: It makes me very happy!
Chuu: Anyway, nice to meet you~
Chuu: Thank you~
Chuu: Haha...
Chuu: Yes~
'Could you say something more?'
Chuu: Alright~ It's a nice day and that light looks like Sun~
Chuu: Yes, I'm very happy
Chuu: And I will try my best to do better tomorrow!
Chuu: Thank you~
(They did the rehearsal very well like this!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Perfect Love"